chore(curriculum): adding transcript and video ids to React state and events lecture block (#59473)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-working-with-state-and-responding-to-events-in-react/67d1eaf77f510e15dfed7c14.md

Note that the state in a React component is private, and is isolated to each component instance. This means that, if you render the same component twice, the state component of one does not affect the other. This also means that, if you'd like to share state between components, then you'd need to lift the state up to a common parent and pass it down as props.

Another thing is that hooks must be called at the top level of a component, just before the return keyword, to keep the state and effects consistent across renders. This means you can't use state inside loops, conditions, or nested functions.

Here's an example of managing state with the `useState` hook in a `Counter` component:

```jsx
// Importing the useState hook
import { useState } from "react";

function Counter() {
  const initialValue = 0;

  // The state variable and setter function
  const [count, setCount] = useState(initialValue);

  return (
    <div>
      {/* Display current state value */}
      <h2>{count}</h2>

      <button onClick={() => setCount(count - 1)}>Decrement</button>
      <button onClick={() => setCount(count + 1)}>Increment</button>
    </div>
  );
}

export default Counter;
```

> In the code above, we have the `useState` hook imported from React, and the `Counter` state and its setter initialized with an initialValue of `0`. The return statement contains the count and two buttons to decrement and increment the count by `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the code above, we have the `useState` hook imported from React, and the `Counter` state and its setter (`setCount`) initialized with an initial value of `0`. The `return` statement contains the count and two buttons to decrement and increment the count by `1`.
```
Honestly, I think this sentence is not clear. Is it correct to say that the setter (`setCount`) is initialized to an initial value? And why the state variable is not mentioned explicitly?

Author: > Is it correct to say that the setter (setCount) is initialized to an initial value?

I think it is trying to mention that you have both state and a setter function. At least that is how I read it.
You could update it to say the following:

```md
In the code above, we have the `useState` hook imported from React. In the `Counter` component, the `count` represents the current state while `setCount`  is the set function responsible for updating state.  The current state value is `0`. The `return` statement contains the count and two buttons to decrement and increment the count by `1`.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the code above, we have the `useState` hook imported from React. In the `Counter` component, the `count` represents the current state while `setCount` is the set function responsible for updating state. The current state value is `0`. The `return` statement contains the count and two buttons to decrement and increment the count by `1`.
```
I like that :+1:
